Okay, in this part we will create level
transition system with a portal. Okay,
first thing first, let's go here to the
content drawer. After creating level UIs
and save game, now we have to create the
blueprint class
called actor
name level transition
11 year system
going to use portal for that.
Okay, after that we have to save all.
Let's go here and make this one right
there.
Go to the content drawer. This is my
portal. I'm going to add the material in
the description.
Choose any folder
explorer. After that, select the content
and drag this portal material right
here.
I think it's fine.
Make it like this. This is my port
material.
Okay, it looks like that.
And that now what we going to do? We
have to go here to my label transition
system.
Make it like this.
Now go to add and let's add a box called
after this box add plane
and this plane want to rotate it
90°.
Okay. Select the plane and let's choose
a material. My material is port border
material. Porter M this one.
Okay, it's fine.
Now select the book collision like this.
And let's go down
and component begin overlap
comp.
I want to get player character from
that.
Set the equal button
from other character. This first one
return value
from this one. Let's press B. branch
and let's create
a save game data
game object. Choose my object my safe
game PP.
From that we have to set
level
to unlock it.
Make it to true
and like this right here.
And from that
from this one save game
to start
remember name is S1
when I go here.
Okay. This is this name
S1.
Okay. After that we have to go here from
the written value make it like this and
finally open level
two
compile and save.
Go to the content drawer and let's
create a main menu level
and test the work. Okay, open this level
seems selected. Go here
and find go open level blueprint
from the event play. We have to create a
widget.
Uh choose my widget selection.
After that we have to add to G port.
Let's compile and save all. Now let's
test the work.
Let's go here. Open the menu level.
Okay, it's open by def. Okay, level two
is locked. Three is locked.
Four is locked. Done. I reset data.
Game is res
number one. It's open by 24. It's focus
uh fine.
Okay.
Uh before we continue, we have to set
this one.
Where is my uh level transition system?
This is a from
the level one to two
L
one to two. This is a transition between
W1 and level uh two.
Okay, let's go here to the level one
and let's add my portal.
Okay, this is important.
Make it bigger.
Rotate it
and make it like this.
Okay, let's move here.
Let's move this transition between level
one and level two. Now let's duplicate
this. This is transition between level
two and level three.
Duplicate it another time. This is
transition between
level three and level four.
Uh this level is unlocked by default.
Okay, let's move here to the second one.
Otherwise, what you have to go to do
right now
is we have to change some code like
this. this transition between level two
and level three.
Okay, this one is level three.
Delete this
and let's change it level
three.
Set level three is unlocked.
Okay, I think it's fine for this
one. Close this.
And let's move here level three and
four.
[Music]
Let's level four.
Change this.
the level for make it through.
I think it's fine.
Now, the last thing wanted to do is to
go here
to the level tool
and
Copy transition between those two levels
and make it bigger like this
level three to four to select.
Make it like this.
Okay, let's start.
Save all. Let's go here to main menu 11.
Okay, let's just do visit data level
one.
working.
Why it's not work is
uh to fix this problem. It's not work is
because
we have to set this one. We have to go
here to the transition
and let's see what's the problem right
here. Level two slot number one. Okay,
we have one begin overlap. We have set
branch. Okay, that's good. Okay, when
it's false, we have to plug it
to create the safety input.
Okay, let's see it works or not.
Let's test her out.
Okay, fine. We are moving to level
number two right now.
Let's return here and collect the other
ones.
Get part
this one.
I think the problem is fixed right now.
I have to compile all of those.
Save all.
And now let's go here to the menu.
Open it. Press the data
load. Open. Okay. Do it. Do it. Do it.
Okay. Fine. Let's go here to my first
number one. Okay. Five.
[Music]